hey we are so in luck trinkets that we
could have all this cool stuff from the
basement wait right there oh no no I'm
paddling away huh Wow
really we got all this rusty crap for
free huh this and a bunch of bubble wrap
and some of it is not even popped could
we be more white trash how desperate am
i top good thing Chandler's not here he
always wins at this game I just told my
mom I'd cater a party for her how come
because I need the money and I thought
it'd be a great way to get rid of that
last little smidgen of self-respect well
I think this is a good thing I don't
think mom would have hired you if she
didn't think you were good at what you
do I don't have to stick up for her she
can't hear you
hey um you guys have any juice just
pickle hey Rach funny story I bumped
into Joanna on the street yesterday my
boss Joanna wow that must've been
awkward well no actually she asked me if
I want to get a drink
huh-huh Hugh uh didn't say yes to that
did you
well not at first
what's she doing here I don't understand
this time you went out with her you said
she was they've done well I think I
judged her too quickly and this time we
were able to take the relationship to
the next level last time I almost got
fired
you must end it you must end it now oh
come on it's not like this an everyday
occurrence for me I mean usually I'm
pretty much just in there by myself
Taylor
promise me you will end it okay I
promise I'll end it thank you but I hope
you know what I'm giving up for you
because she's not just the boss in your
office you know what I mean I'm sorry I
knew what he meant how was the hired
help doing great
quiches are coming along what's this
blue nail polish yeah I thought it was
cute huh so what she grabbed other's
hands looked like when we found her let
me ask you a question why did you hire
me oh well Richard raved about the food
at his party course he was sleeping with
him lesbian wedding was very nice I
assumed you weren't sleeping with anyone
there that would be something
oh my god did you hear that she hired me
because she thinks I'm good I didn't
hear that
yeah she'd hire me out of pity it wasn't
so she could pick on me in front of her
friends she actually thinks I'm good
Wow and hey it's cool if you're a
lesbian
[Music]
good afternoon any decision-maker of the
house do you currently own a set of
encyclopedias no no but try the
classifieds people sell everything in
there actually I'm not buying I'm
selling let me ask you one question
do your friends ever have a conversation
and you just not along even though
you're not really sure what they're
talking about
[Music]
I'm telling you it's totally
unconstitutional I think he deserves a
Nobel Prize
I mean it was like the Algonquin kids
table
[Music]
excuse me I'm sorry you haven't said
anything for about two and a half
minutes are you at all interested yeah
well yeah yeah yeah